Bump github/codeql-action from 3.28.3 to 3.29.8 (#373)
rsksmart/devportal: _rsk/architecture/account-based.md

  - For RSK Testnet, this should be `37310'`, as per the
    [RSKIP-57](https://github.com/rsksmart/RSKIPs/blob/master/IPs/RSKIP57.md "Derivation Path for Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets")
    specification.

>   - Address index: Addresses are numbered from index 0 in sequentially increasing manner. This number is used as child index in BIP32 derivation. Public derivation is used at this level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The final level of the hierarchy is for *index*: Addresses are numbered from index 0 in sequentially increasing manner. This number is used as child index in [BIP32 derivation](https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-0032.mediawiki#specification-key-derivation "Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets - Key Derivation"). Public derivation is used at this level.
```
